hey I'm Derek and I'm Sam and this is
Sam and Eric TV we came here to ETSU to
just give else awkward Christmas gifts
of expecting people the library just to
see what they would do do the video
that's right do you like chocolate
hey keep your chocolate yeah if you want
to share with your Christmas present
good luck on your finals let's say that
if I were to see you walk around without
get your number feel like yeah well good
luck with phones guys okay see that's
just our finals Tim how are finals going
what's the paper for what is it brit lit
for American
ok
thanks for watching
please rate comment subscribe give us
suggestions on new video ideas and we'll
see you again hey one other thing I was
Merry Christmas please remember enjoy
time with your family it's not all about
fine my mind gifts fine money yes have a
Merry Christmas and thanks for watching
pinning this cheesecake
you